detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a crime thriller film called
phone booth spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
it is estimated that 8 million people
live in new york with technology rapidly
developing
phone booths are quickly dying and are
easily being replaced with cell phones
for new york city publicist stuart
shepard a brand new day is just another
ordinary day of attending meetings and
making endless phone calls to his
clients
one day stu uses a phone booth at 53rd
and 8th and while he's making his call
he removes his wedding ring just then a
pizza delivery guy shows up
and stu rudely tells him to go away
saying that there must be some mistake
however the man insists that he got the
right person and that the pizza is
already paid for
annoyed stew cusses at him before giving
him five dollars telling the delivery
guy to eat the pizza himself
the delivery guy is left humiliated but
he's forced to take the money and leave
stu is finally able to call pam an
aspiring actress who also plays the role
of the girl he's seeing behind his
wife's back
pam asks him why he's always in the same
phone booth at the same time every day
before asking how his day
is stu tells her that his day is getting
better then informs her that he's
brought up her name to some publicist
for the part of mel gibson's leading
lady
along with other actresses after that
stu invites pam to meet him for a couple
of martinis at the city hotel
saying he'd like to introduce her to
some people and talk about her career
though she's reluctant to refuse
pam tells stu that she can't do to a
prior commitment disappointed
stu tells her that he's rescheduled one
of his meetings just to see her and when
she asks him if he's mad
stu says that he isn't pam appeases him
by asking to meet the following day
and he agrees before ending the call stu
is about to wear his wedding ring again
when the payphone suddenly rings
stu answers it and the man on the other
end of the line tells stu that he'd hurt
his feelings when stu didn't accept the
pizza
stew asks him who he is but the man only
tells him not to even think about
leaving that phone booth
according to the man the pizza's purpose
was to keep stu strength up for what's
coming next
thinking that it's just a prank call stu
tries hanging up but the man warns him
not to
ominously mentioning that stu will learn
to obey him for the second time
stu asks him who he is and the man
replies that he's someone who enjoys
watching stu
suddenly feeling conscious he looks
around trying to find where the caller
is
the man then starts describing what stu
is wearing so stu asks him where he is
the caller tells him to check out the
windows so he does not entirely
convinced that the caller is watching
him
stu asks the man what he's doing and
when the caller gets it right he lifts
his hand in the air and raises his
middle finger
offending the man the caller tells him
that that's not nice then calls him
stew trying not to show his surprise stu
tells the caller that he doesn't know
any stu
when the man asks him if he prefers to
be called stuart stu replies that many
people in that neighborhood know him
the caller then recites stu's full name
and address so stu tells him to get lost
unfazed the caller casually tells him
that he knows pamela mcfadden
he starts threatening stu telling him
that it's not in his best interest to
disconnect the call and that someone
could get hurt
believing that the caller might just be
some failed actor that he wouldn't
handle
stu tries intimidating the caller saying
he will hunt him down and crush him
he asks the man if his assistant adam
has asked him to prank call stu
and the man replies that it's all his
idea for the last time stu tells the man
that he's hanging up and the caller
tells him that he'll say hi to stu's
wife
kelly for him before ending the call
using the phone's callback feature
stu tries calling the man again but
fails he then steps outside the phone
booth carefully watching his
surroundings
after minutes of standing there the pay
phone rings once more stu answers it
asking the caller what he wants and the
caller says that he wants stu's full
attention
stu asks the caller if he's an actor and
the caller sarcastically replies that he
is
adding that he's one of stu's
pathetically failed ones stu tries to
offer him help by getting him auditions
but the caller questions his ability to
get him auditioned since he's a
publicist and not an agent
stu promises that he can call some of
his contacts and that's when the caller
orders due to call the person he
contacted from when he first got into
the phone booth
stu pretends that he doesn't know what
he's talking about but the man says he
already wrote the number down
adding that he can see every number stu
has pressed since he refuses to call pam
the man calls her for him instead
leaving stu baffled while the phone
rings when pam answers the phone
the caller puts her on speaker so stu
can hear her the caller introduces
himself to pam as one of stu's friends
then tells her that stu lies
when pam tries talking to stu asking if
what the man said is true
he fruitlessly tells her to hang up the
phone but the caller informs stu that
pam can't hear him
going back to pam the caller tells her
that stu hasn't been completely honest
with her the caller asks her why a man
with a cell phone would call every day
from a phone booth
and pam answers that stu says that it's
quieter that way he calls that a stupid
reason and he nonchalantly reveals that
stu calls her from a phone booth every
time because his wife checks his cell
phone bills
that means that calling from a phone
booth wouldn't leave any trace of their
conversation
pam stammers insisting that stu told her
he isn't married but the caller states
that stu is married to a woman named
kelly
to further humiliate him the caller
tells pam that the only reason stu is
inviting him to the city hotel is that
he wants to sleep with her adding that
it's got cheap rooms for cheap girls
pam tries to defend herself saying that
she wasn't planning on sleeping with him
and that since he has promised to help
her
she's keeping in touch with him before
ending the call the caller tells pam
that stu has never even made anyone a
star
at the phone booth a hooker impatiently
tells stu to hang up the phone without
even flinching he tells her to go away
and the woman curses him before leaving
stu tries to ask the man why he's doing
all this but the caller cuts him off
saying that they should call kelly stu
immediately says that his wife is not
home
but the caller replies that he's sure
she's at the shop in columbus
when stu tries to ask the caller how he
knows all that information about him and
kelly the man ignores him
instructing him to speed dial his wife
and press auto one which is kelly's
button
stu then asks what he should tell kelly
and the man says he should come clean
and admit that he's cheating
stu gets defensive claiming he's not
cheating on his wife and that he never
has
stu then compares his relationship with
kelly and pam to having a beautiful home
he says even though a guy has a home he
still dreams of having a quick vacation
staying in a nice hotel room with a
great view the caller laughs and mock
stu
saying that kelly is a home while pam is
a motel stew swears at him
and the caller tells him that the
language is uncalled for meanwhile the
hooker comes back and angrily tells stu
to let her use the phone
and they get into an argument again stu
yells that she can use other phones in
new york or maybe a phone in a
restaurant
which only angers the woman she then
threatens to that she'll be back before
finally storming off
listening to the entire thing the caller
laughs again at stu he begs the caller
not to call his wife
and in exchange they'll do some
headshots with a photographer
the caller only chuckles before asking
if he really believes that he's an actor
before stu could answer the caller tells
him that he's not an actor and that he
only wants to to come clean to his wife
with no other choice stu calls his wife
using his cell phone when kelly answers
the caller instructs to hold the phone
close to the receiver so he can hear it
stu does as he's told and then his wife
asks him where he is before telling him
that some guys called her
saying that stu would be calling her
from a phone booth to tell her something
important
stu explains that there are many prank
calls going around while on the other
line
the caller wants stu to tell kelly that
he's been inviting girls to have drinks
with him at discreet hotels
while talking to kelly in the caller the
woman from before comes back with one of
her companions and the two women harass
due into leaving the phone booth
hearing the commotion from the other
line kelly asks stu what's going on
and her husband tells her that it's just
some hookers who want to use the phone
aggravating the women
the ladies then start making a scene
banging on the phone booth in the middle
of all that
the caller wants to tell kelly that he
wants to sleep with other women instead
of following his orders
stu informs his wife that there's a guy
saying things about him things that
might not be true
as the women continue to harass him stu
warns them that he'll call the cops
he then tells kelly not to believe
whatever the man tells her scared
kelly asks to come down to her store so
they can talk and stu tells her that
he'll try
after talking to his wife stu opens the
phone booth and threatens the two women
that he'll have them deported to jersey
the women exchange a few more nasty
words with stew before finally leaving
and stu resumes talking to his caller as
they continue their conversation
the caller accuses stu of not telling
his wife the truth stu then asks the
caller why he wants to mess with kelly's
life when she has done him no harm
to which the caller says everybody does
harm disgusted
stu tells the caller that their
conversation is over but the man warns
stu that if he hangs up
the man will kill him doubtful that the
man will actually kill him
stew taunts the caller asking him how he
will kill him with only his binoculars
the caller replies that he never said he
has binoculars and that he actually has
a highly magnified telescopic image of
stu
the caller then reveals that he has a
rifle a .30 caliber bolt action 700 with
a carbon one modification
and a state-of-the-art henchal tactical
scope meanwhile a small toy robot moves
and stays in front of the phone booth
when stu tells the caller that he
doesn't believe him the man pulls the
gun's cocking handle
startling him nervous stu says that cops
will immediately swarm that place if he
tries firing a weapon
to test if what stu just said is true
the caller starts counting and stu
quickly ducks even before the man
reaches number three
the man tells stu that ducking won't
help him before firing hitting the toy
robot
the caller taunts too once more saying
that nobody even noticed that he just
fired a gun
true enough when stu looks around
everyone's just minding their business
as if nothing happened
laughing the man tells stu to stand up
and be a man outside the phone booth the
vendor notices his broken robot and
starts talking to stu
the caller asks if he wants him to take
care of the vendor but stu tells him no
then gives the vendor some money so
he'll go away
then another hooker shows up at the
phone booth but stu just ignores her the
caller continues to talk
asking stu to try to figure out where he
is the man says stu is doing a lot
better than the others
meaning that he's done it before he
describes how he shot a child fixated
man 10 days ago
and a corporate executive who had cashed
in all of his stocks just before the
bottom fell out while others lost
everything after that the caller asks
stu where he's aiming and when he sees
the little red dot on his body
just below his right shoulder stu
answers his question then the man
inquires whether stu knows anything
about those killings but stu says he
doesn't the man gives him a hint
saying that all their belongings were
left in their bodies and that's when stu
realizes that those killings weren't
robberies they were executions
as they continue talking the hooker show
up yet again only this time
they have a guy with them the guy leon
orders stu to hang up and get out but
the caller tells do not to do it leon
and the hookers keep harassing stu to
end his call but he tries to reason with
them and say that he can't just hang up
he even gives leon 120 just to leave him
alone but leon wouldn't budge
furious now leon punches the phone booth
and makes a crack in the glass as the
hookers cheer him on
chuckling the caller offers to help him
but stu refuses saying he can handle it
leon then crosses the street to get a
bat and when he comes back he smashes
the phone booth's glass
now completely exposed leon grabs stew
and puts him in a chokehold as he tries
to drag him out of the phone booth
the caller asks stu once more if he
needs help and this time he says yes
without warning leon gets shot stumbling
before hitting the ground
the hookers blame stu for what happened
accusing him of shooting their friend
thanks to the commotion the people
gather around them while some are even
calling the cops
one of the hookers asks stu why he shot
leon and he tells her that it's not him
then asks her if she sees a gun on him
the other hooker starts making up
stories now saying she sees stew with a
gun
shaken stew tells the caller that he did
what he could to drive leon away but the
man still wouldn't leave him alone
the caller then tells him that leon
wouldn't have died if only stu dealt
with him with respect
he also tells stu to man up and to take
responsibility for what he's done
tired of listening to the caller stu
secretly calls 9-1-1
since he cannot speak directly to the
operator for fear of alerting the caller
stu tries to keep him talking
giving the operator hints that he needs
help unfortunately
the operator doesn't understand and
hangs up as soon as the 9-1-1 call ends
the caller shoots the side of the phone
booth
grazing stoozier the caller tells him
that he heard the 9-1-1 call and that's
when stu realizes that the caller has
bugged the booth
which is also how he knows about pam the
cops start showing up
and they order stu to hang up the phone
when stu tells them that he's on an
important call
their captain ed ramy asks for his full
cooperation
captain raymie tries negotiating with
stu and the caller tells stu that the
captain is getting on his nerves
captain raymie continues talking to him
trying to see if there's any way he can
make him surrender
to make things more interesting the
caller orders due to insult the captain
by asking him if he still pleasures
himself after his wife left him
stu refuses but the caller threatens to
shoot the captain forcing him to do as
he's told
without answering his question the
captain leaves but not before asking one
of the cops to call a techie they can
talk to about the pay phone
as the reporters start arriving the
caller insults to by saying he's just a
small time with a credibility problem
from afar captain raimi instructs his
men to trace the location of the person
stew is talking to
he also orders sharpshooters to be
placed at different buildings in the
area
meanwhile stu's phone starts ringing and
when the caller asks him to answer it he
says he can't because the cops might
think he's reaching for a gun
before stu can answer the phone kelly
arrives at the scene making stu realize
that it's not kelly calling him
but the man he's talking to kelly then
talks to captain raymie telling him
about the man who called her earlier at
her shop but the captain thinks it might
be just another case of a jealous
husband
before she can go into the details of
the call captain raymie is called by one
of his men
informing him that the sharpshooters are
now in position with the help of kelly
captain raymie talks to stu but he
denies knowing her claiming she's not
his wife
when the caller threatens to shoot kelly
stu asks him what he wants and the
caller orders him to tell the truth
about pam
promising to let him go if he does
almost crying now stu calls out to kelly
and she immediately runs toward the
phone booth with the cops making sure
they maintain their distance
after hearing his confession kelly says
she doesn't care about what stu has done
and the caller tells stu that he's not
letting him go stu hangs up the phone
but it starts ringing again
at this point stu finally declares that
he's giving himself up
he steps out of the phone booth but when
captain raymie demands his gun he says
he doesn't have one
the phone rings again and as kelly gets
impatient she tries to get near stew
making the caller point the gun at her
stew sees the red laser dot on kelly's
forehead and when the captain sees it
two
he immediately orders everyone to stand
down stu helplessly tells captain raymie
that he needs to answer the phone
and after some begging the captain
eventually lets him
after realizing what they're dealing
with captain ramy tells one of his men
that there's a sniper in one of the
buildings and instructs him to let the
others know and find him
meanwhile the caller informed stu that
he's planning on pinning leon's murder
on him
revealing that he stashed a gun on the
phone booth ceiling with a murder weapon
inside the booth
everyone will now believe that he shot
leon the caller then teases stu to look
to a window with pink curtains
hinting that he's there and asks him to
use the gun to shoot him stu tries
reasoning that the cops will shoot him
even before he reaches the gun
and the caller only laughs he tells stu
that he's right and that he's not even
in that window
pam then arrives and the killer
threatens to shoot her or kelly if stew
doesn't take out the gun from the
ceiling
pretending to bend down to look for his
ring stu secretly calls kelly to let her
know what's happening
and kelly then passes the phone to
captain raymie with stu out of sight the
caller has no idea that captain raymie
is listening to their conversation
captain raimi asked kelly about the
phone call she mentioned earlier and she
tells him that a man contacted her
telling her that stu would be calling
her from a phone booth
the captain then orders kelly to stay in
the car then tells his men what to do
while ensuring that they won't alert the
caller
captain raymie talks to stu once more
hinting that he knows there's a sniper
in one of the buildings and that his men
are ready to spring into action once
they find
him he also hints that stu can trust him
that it's safe to step out of the booth
meanwhile the caller tells stu to
confess to everyone about how he's been
lying about himself the whole time
making himself look important when he
actually isn't again
students as he's told even calling
himself a fake as stew sobs and
continues to confess to everyone
including kelly and pam the cops managed
to trace kelly's call earlier to barkley
hotel
now that he knows what room the caller
is calling from the captain hints to
stew that they have found the caller and
stu informs the caller that the cops are
coming his way
the cops mobilize and when the caller
threatens once more to shoot kelly
stu takes out the gun from the ceiling
steps out of the booth and demands the
caller to shoot him instead
in a matter of seconds stu is shot and
everything goes into chaos
from the barkley hotel the cops burst
through the room where the caller is
only to find his dead body still lying
on the floor stu is informed by the
captain that he was only hit by a rubber
bullet and that they have already
apprehended the caller
stu and kelly reunite and when the cops
bring him the caller's dead body on a
stretcher stew identifies him as the
pizza delivery guy
while stew's heavily medicated inside
the ambulance a man shows up and reveals
himself to be the real caller and sniper
he warns stu to get himself together or
he'll hear from him again
the caller leaves and later another pay
phone rings with another man answering
it
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching